This repository stores relevant artifacts resulting from the development of a CI/CD workflow configuration file mining tool. It is complementary to the research which resulted in the development of this tool, and as such assumes familiarity with said research. Note that Git LFS is used for larger files.

The included artifacts are:

- **QuestionnaireFull.pdf.** Contains all the responses to the survey we sent out to experts in order to validate our initital list of patlets.

- **AITestFiles.** Within this folder are the example configuration files generated by GPT Codex 5.3 and Claude Opus 4.6 in order to verify if the miner could identify patlet instances as they may be found in real repositories. 

- **Downloaded Files.** Contains every workflow configuration file that was scanned for patlet instances. Note that some repositories and files marked with errors are also present, despite not being included in the final analysis.

- **ManualVerification.xlsx** is the spreadsheet used to manually verify a subset of the miner's results. Included fields for each entry are the patlet type, the provider, the ID of the workflow component containing the patlet, the name of that workflow component, a link to access the file containing this workflow component at the commit for which it was analyzed (These links worked as of 02/06/2026, however they may become invalid due to circumstances outside our control) and the line(s) within said file which contains the implementation of the patlet.

- **repos.db** is the the database file generated by the mining process.

